docs: updated list of project ideas (#1111)
asyncapi/community: mentorship/summerofcode/2024/asyncapi-gsoc-ideas-page.md

- 👩🏿‍🏫 **Mentor(s):** [@smoya](https://github.com/smoya)
- ⏳ **Length:** 175 Hours

## 7) [Conference Website Maintainance](https://github.com/asyncapi/conference-website/issues/284)

> It's really important to have a website that's easy to use and keeps everybody informed about the upcoming conference.
> That's why we must ensure our website is dynamic and user-friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure our conference website remains a dynamic and user-friendly for the upcoming 2024 AsyncAPI Conference.
```

> - 🎯 **Outcome:** Make the website more efficient and user-friendly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎯 **Outcome:** Improve the website efficiency and user-friendliness for an improved user experience. 
```

- 🛠️ **Skills:** JavaScript, Tailwind, and any testing framework.
- 🧩 **Difficulty:** Easy/Medium
- 👩🏿‍🏫 **Mentor(s):** [@acethecreator](https://github.com/acethecreator) [@mayaleeeee](https://github.com/Mayaleeeee)

> - ⏳ **Length:** 320 Hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⏳ **Length:** 350 Hours
```
